Let's walk through a demo one.
So if you don't have a page,
this is always a full page.
This is default Spring Boot error page.
As you can see, it doesn't really tell you anything about it.
Let's see what happen if we enable the error the XML page.
As I can see, we've created
a custom error page for all the exceptions happening in Spring Boot application.
Let's see what happened. So instead of showing the default Spring Boot error page,
now we are lending a different error page.
It's the custom page we've created ourselves.
So if we try something else.
As you can see, all the errors are leading to this page now.
Is this a good approach?
Probably, but we should see some other pages.